hi my name is albert i want to welcome
you to mainland cycle center's pre-owned
vehicle this is a 2012 kawasaki KLR 650
the kor 650s have a great reputation
great bikes for commuting great bikes
for touring a solo tour e not
necessarily a good bike for two up maybe
but but this is a bike you really can
ride anywhere handles dirt roads even
had a little bit of trail but i really
would do well dirt roads fire roads that
kind of thing a lot of guys to take
these bikes and do these grand
adventures on them i have one customer
bought one gonna ride it to Alaska and
back but it's not so but you can do it
on this bike and it's a fun bike for you
we're just gonna cruise around town or
just want something to ride down the
beach / co' if you're riding around town
you see a little trail you want to hop a
curb and go check it out this is a bike
you can do that on there 650 cc
single-cylinder a liquid-cooled bike
dual overhead cam 4 valve per cylinder
this is a 2012 these wind up went had a
redesign on them starting with the o8
model so basically oh wait all the way
up to 13 you're basically the same bike
this bike is some really good condition
is really a near new condition really I
don't see any flaws on it at all I'm
sure there's a little signs of use here
and there somewhere but this bike only
has twelve hundred and fifty-two miles
on it and runs perfect just like it
should we'll crank her up for you turn
our key on
these are carbureted but they're not
known for being just real bold nature
this one real life like I said it's near
new condition on this bike you can see
the motor
everything is just real clean on this
bike huge gas tank these are about a six
gallon gas tank I won't say six point
one just brakes front and rear turn
signals hand guards a pretty good wind
protection they do sell larger
windshields that you can add if you're
doing a lot of highways stuff they sell
crash bars soft bags hard bags lots of
accessories available for the KLR 650 s
all right well that's a look at this
2012 Kawasaki KLR 650 if you have any
questions if you want to take a test
ride on the spine can you have a
motorcycle license we've welcome to come
by the store take a test ride on it or
come by Sia's shoot us an email give us
a call that's what we're here to do is
try to help you find the right
motorcycle for you all right
we are Mainland cycle center we're
located about 30 minutes south of
downtown used to just off the i-45 in
Lamar Texas our website is mainly on
cycle center comm and our phone number
is 409 944 969 hey thanks for watching